# A template for embedded systems?

Nowadays cool kids just want to know what others are doing: "what's the resolution/crosshair/mouse model this pro player uses?". Actually it's also the case even for what type of food a particular group prefers. Paying more attention, you'd have to agree that the case in the computing world is **much** more serious. The paranoia starts wanting to know what kind of neural network company X uses for whatever and then people are already discussing what font you should use on your linux. It might seem, perhaps, harmless or childish or irrelevant but surely you know the meme: "btw, i use arch". And of course, you've already stumbled on someone preaching that "you should program in python", "actually, rust is just amazing for that", "one of the most promising languages nowadays is GO", "try erlang, I had good results", "nah, there's nothing better C/C++" and it literally never stops.

So what's the point anyways? I want to make this template my own template so I can keep working on and improving it until I feel comfortable. Well, even finding a good setup to sit on your chair is kind of hard and it takes time, experiencing and trying other things: there are many heights and position adjustments, materials, or even colors and designs. Still, you're not going to have the pleasure of comfortably sitting on your own chair wherever you go even after all that effort but knowing what works and what doesn't **for you** is what matters and that's the point here. Therefore, this is my way of doing it for embedded systems. By the way, I'm by no means an authority on firmware development or have a life-long career doing it. At least for now.

# Some details

For my own personal projects, I like to use **weak open source** licenses. Basically, it means anyone can use it even with/for proprietary stuff but I don't like the (almost) 100% liberal licenses as MIT because it kind of sounds to me as little to no difference of not having a license in the first place. So **LGPL, CERN weak and Creative Commons** are my preferred ones.

Versioning follows [SemVer](https://semver.org/). The compiler is set up for C language and not for C and C++ for no particularly good reason.

I'm using **CMake** as my build system. Makefiles are great and whatever but, personally, I find them difficult to maintain, complicated to debug and keep track of everything that's happening under the hood as it gets more and more complicated. So, as "Cmake makes makefiles" I decided to give it a try and I'm really liking how it ties everything together on a project.